[VIT-7726] Sleep Cycle (#296)
tryVital/docs: docs/changelog/wearables/providers.mdx

title: "Providers"
---

### NEW: Sleep Cycle Summary Type (Nov 2024)

> We are introducing a new summary type `Sleep Cycle` to represent the sleep stages in a sleep session.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are introducing a new Sleep Cycle summary type (`sleep_cycle`) which captures the detailed hypnogram of a sleep session.

The existing hyponogram timeseries type is deprecated in favour of this new summary type.

```
